Add-Ons Installation Guide (#143)
kyma-incubator/hack-showcase: docs/slack-connector/installation.md

# Slack Connector Installation <!-- omit in toc -->

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Installation in Kyma as an Add-On](#installation-in-kyma-as-an-add-on)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Steps](#steps)
  - [Verification](#verification)
  - [Removal](#removal)
- [Installation in Kyma with Helm](#installation-in-kyma-with-helm)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites-1)
  - [Steps](#steps-1)

## Overview

> The Slack Connector is a component which allows interaction with Slack API from inside of Kyma environment. The simplest way to install Slack Connector in Kyma is to install it as an Add-On.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Slack Connector is a component which allows interaction with the Slack API from inside of Kyma environment. The simplest way to install the Slack Connector in Kyma is to install it as an Add-On.
```

## Installation in Kyma as an Add-On

### Prerequisites

- Slack Bot with desired privileges installed to destination workspace. Tutorial provided by Slack on how to setup an application can be found [here](https://api.slack.com/bot-users#getting-started).

> - Access to Kyma Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to Kyma Console
```

Use periods at the end of sentences. This is not a sentence.

> > **OPTIONAL:** Install default application following these steps, but pay attention to the fact that it has **full permissions** in workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **OPTIONAL:** Follow these steps to install the default application. Be aware that it has **full permissions** in the in the workspace.
```

> > **OPTIONAL:** Follow these steps to install the default application. Be aware that it has **full permissions** in the in the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **OPTIONAL:** Follow these steps to install the default application. Be aware that it has **full permissions** in the workspace.
```

>

> > 1. Go to the [authentication page](https://auth-slack.herokuapp.com/). Click **Add to Slack** button which redirects you to another page. Select your desired workspace and click **Allow**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1. Go to the [authentication page](https://auth-slack.herokuapp.com/). Click the **Add to Slack** button, which redirects you to another page. Select the desired workspace and click **Allow**.
```

> >       - **NOTE:** If the link does not work see [this tutorial](https://api.slack.com/docs/oauth#flow) in the Slack API documentation to create your own application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>       - **NOTE:** If the link does not work, see [this] tutorial(https://api.slack.com/docs/oauth#flow) in the Slack API documentation to create your own application.
```

Author: ```suggestion
>       - **NOTE:** If the link does not work, see [this](https://api.slack.com/docs/oauth#flow) tutorial in the Slack API documentation to create your own application.
```

> 2. Copy the Bot Authentication Token and/or Slack Signing Secret. You will need it later in the installation process.

### Steps

> 1. In Kyma console access the **Add-Ons Config** menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Kyma console, access the **Add-Ons Config** menu.
```

> 2. Click **Add New Configuration** and in the **Urls\*** field paste this URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Add New Configuration** and fill in the **Urls\*** field with this URL:
```

   ```http
   github.com/kyma-incubator/hack-showcase//addons
   ```

> 3. Go to namespace in which you want to install the Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to the Namespace in which to install the Connector.
```

Author: ```suggestion
3. Go to the Namespace in which you install the Connector.
```

> 4. Find the Add-On in Service Catalog and click it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Find the Add-On in the Service Catalog and click it.
```

> 3. Go to the Namespace in which you install the Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to the Namespace in which to install the Connector.
```

5. Click **Add** and select the installation plan. Fill in all required fields and click **Create Instance**.

> 6. Go to **Services** tab of Service Catalog. After provisioning and automatic registration of application's resources the Service Class of Slack Connector can be found here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Go to the **Services** tab in the Service Catalog. After provisioning and automatic registration of application's resources, the Service Class of GitHub Connector appears here.
```

Author: ```suggestion
6. Go to the **Services** tab in the Service Catalog. After provisioning and automatic registration of application's resources, the Service Class of Slack Connector appears here.
```

> 7. Click it to enter its specification screen and click **Add once** and then **Create Instance**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click the Service Class to enter its specification screen, click **Add once**, and then **Create Instance**.
```

> 6. Go to the **Services** tab in the Service Catalog. After provisioning and automatic registration of application's resources, the Service Class of Slack Connector appears here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Go to the **Services** tab in the Service Catalog. After provisioning and automatic registration of application's resources, the Service Class of the Slack Connector appears here.
```

> After the service is created it can be easily bound to Lambda Function to allow use of Slack Events and Web API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have created the service, you can easily bind it to the Lambda Function to allow the use of GitHub Events.
```

Author: ```suggestion
After you have created the service, you can easily bind it to the Lambda Function to allow the use of Slack Events.
```

> After you have created the service, you can easily bind it to the Lambda Function to allow the use of Slack Events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send requests to the Slack API, bind the service you created to the Lambda Function.
```

### Verification

> To verify if everything is configured correctly check if Add-Ons and Service instances in **Instances** area of Service Catalog have status <span style="color:green">*RUNNING*</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify correct configuration, check if Add-Ons and Service instances in the **Instances** area of the Service Catalog have status **RUNNING**.
```

### Removal

> Basically, to correctly remove all resources of Slack Connector you must delete them in order reverse to installation steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To correctly remove all Slack Connector resources, you must delete them in order reverse to the installation steps.
```

What's the use of _basically_ here? It's too colloquial.

> > **NOTE:** Wait until deprovisioning and removing of all elements is complete before proceeding to next step, because e.g. after removing ServiceClass removal of ServiceInstance is impossible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Wait until deprovisioning and removing of all elements is complete before proceeding to next step to avoid possible errors. For example, after removing ServiceClass, the removal of ServiceInstance is impossible.
```

- I'd change it from **NOTE** to  **CAUTION** as it's really important and omission will result in an error. 
- Don't use `e.g.`, use `For example`; also, don't use it mid-sentence.

> > **NOTE:** Wait until deprovisioning and removing of all elements is complete before proceeding to next step to avoid possible errors. For example, after removing ServiceClass, the removal of ServiceInstance is impossible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Wait until deprovisioning and removing of all elements is complete before proceeding to the next step to avoid possible errors. For example, after removing ServiceClass, the removal of ServiceInstance is impossible.
```

1. Delete all service bindings from Lambda Functions and other bindings connected with your Slack Connector Service Instance.

> 2. Delete Slack Connector Service Instance found under **Services** tab in **Instances** area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Delete the Slack Connector Service Instance found under the **Services** tab in the **Instances** area.
```

> 3. Delete Slack Connector Add-On Instance found in **Add-Ons** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Delete the Slack Connector Add-On Instance found in the **Add-Ons** tab.
```

4. To remove the Add-On Configuration, find it in the global **Add-Ons Config** catalog and remove it.

>    > **CAUTION**: This step also removes the GitHub Connector template.

Reviewer: Consider adding a new line before the 
> **CAUTION** 

block.

>    > **CAUTION**: This step also removes the GitHub Connector template.

Reviewer: In Prerequisites below, line 66: `Connection to the Kyma cluster`

# Slack Connector Installation<!-- omit in toc -->

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Installation in Kyma as Add-On](#installation-in-kyma-as-add-on)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Steps](#steps)
  - [Verification](#verification)
  - [Removal](#removal)
- [Installation in Kyma with Helm](#installation-in-kyma-with-helm)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites-1)
  - [Steps](#steps-1)

## Overview

The Slack Connector is a component which allows interaction with Slack API from inside of Kyma environment. The simplest way to install Slack Connector in Kyma is to install it as Add-On.

## Installation in Kyma as Add-On

### Prerequisites

> - Slack Bot with desired privileges installed to destination workspace. Tutorial provided by Slack on how to setup an application can be found [here](https://api.slack.com/bot-users#getting-started).

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should also inform the user where to find Signed Secret. After creating the slack app it is available in Settings under Basic Information section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Slack Bot with desired privileges installed to the destination workspace. See the tutorial provided by Slack on how to setup an application [here](https://api.slack.com/bot-users#getting-started). After you have created the Signing Secret, it appears in the application's **Settings** in the **Basic Information** section.
```

I've copied @ksputo 's comment and corrected it here.

  - Slack Bot Token (only if you want to send messages to Slack Web API).

>   - Slack Signed Secret (only if you want to receive events to Slack Event API).

Reviewer 2: In Slack settings it is called Signing Secret, not Signed. It could be misleading
```suggestion
  - Slack Signing Secret (only if you want to receive events to Slack Event API).
```

Author: Done

    >**NOTE:** If the link does not work, it means that the application that authenticates the connector in your workspace does not exist and you have to create it yourself. To create such an application, see [this tutorial](https://api.slack.com/docs/oauth#flow) in the Slack API documentation.

2. Copy the authentication token. You will need it later in the Helm command.
3. Go to the [Kyma repository](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma) and run the script `/installation/scripts/tiller-tls.sh` to get the certificates needed to use Helm commands. By default, they are stored in the `~/.helm` directory. After that, add the `--tls` flag to every Helm command to authorize and authenticate the user.
4. Go to the `chart/slackconnector` directory. Run this command to install the Slack Connector:

    ``` shell
    helm install --set container.image={DOCKER_IMAGE} --set kymaAddress={KYMA_ADDRESS} --set slackBotToken={SLACK_TOKEN} -n {RELEASE_NAME} . --tls
    ```

    >**CAUTION:** Make sure that the Kyma address is in the correct format. It consists of the domain name and omits the dot at the beginning. For example, `35.187.32.214.xip.io`.

>     >**NOTE:** To define Namespace in which to install chart, add the `--namespace` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    >**NOTE:** To define Namespace in which to install chart, add the `--namespace` flag.
```

Add a new line to prevent blocks from merging into one.

### Steps

> 1. Go to the [authentication page](https://auth-slack.herokuapp.com/). Click **Add to Slack**. This redirects you to another page. Select your desired workspace and click **Allow**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [authentication page](https://auth-slack.herokuapp.com/). Click **Add to Slack**. This redirects you to another page. Select the desired workspace and click **Allow**.
```

>     >**NOTE:** If the link does not work, it means that an application that authenticates the connector in your workspace does not exist and you have to create it yourself. To create such an application, see [this tutorial](https://api.slack.com/docs/oauth#flow) in the Slack API documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >**NOTE:** If the link does not work, it means that the application that authenticates the connector in your workspace does not exist and you have to create it yourself. To create such an application, see [this tutorial](https://api.slack.com/docs/oauth#flow) in the Slack API documentation.
```

### Steps

1. Go to the [authentication page](https://auth-slack.herokuapp.com/). Click **Add to Slack**. This redirects you to another page. Select the desired workspace and click **Allow**.
    >**NOTE:** If the link does not work, it means that the application that authenticates the connector in your workspace does not exist and you have to create it yourself. To create such an application, see [this tutorial](https://api.slack.com/docs/oauth#flow) in the Slack API documentation.

2. Copy the authentication token. You will need it later in the Helm command.

> 3. Go to [Kyma repository](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma) and run the script `/installation/scripts/tiller-tls.sh` to get certificates needed for using Helm commands. By default they are stored in `~/.helm` directory. After that add `--tls` flag to every Helm command to authorize and authenticate the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to the [Kyma repository](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma) and run the script `/installation/scripts/tiller-tls.sh` to get certificates needed to use Helm commands. By default, they are stored in the `~/.helm` directory. After that, add the `--tls` flag to every Helm command to authorize and authenticate the user.
```
